Stop trying to be a smart ass, you are just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
I am busy now.Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you would get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you will always be ugly.
Why dont you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you will find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I dont know what your problem is, but I will bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
This is just a reminder; people love you more so give a smile and read these captions with a laugh.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you...I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart.He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying.Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
I love what you’ve done with your hair.How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
The only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
If I wanted a bitch, I’d have bought a dog.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
I’ve seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons.They forgot to mention morons.
You’re so fat you could sell shade.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
Did you know they used to be called Jumpolines until your mum jumped on one?
Just because you have one doesn’t mean you need to act like one.
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results.Good news – they found your head.
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how cofuld they?
What’s the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
This is just a reminder; people love you more so give a smile and read these captions with a laugh.
Save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Please, keep talking.I always yawn when I am interested.
The zoo called.They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
Jesus loves you… but everyone else thinks you’re an asshole.
This is just a reminder; people love you more so give a smile and read these captions with a laugh.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
Hey, you have something on your chin… no, the 3rd one down.
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
Brains aren’t everything.In your case they’re nothing.
I thought of you today.It reminded me to take the garbage out.
You’re so ugly when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.
When you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, I’m very sorry.We did everything we could.But he pulled through.’
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
It’s better to let someone think you’re stupid than open your mouth and prove it.
Hey, your village called – they want their idiot back.
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?
I’ve been called worse by better.
You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person.Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
I may love to shop but I’m not buying your bull.
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
I’m Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
This is just a reminder; people love you more so give a smile and read these captions with a laugh.
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Hey, I looked up a hobo in the dictionary and the definition was you
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Oh my God, look at you.Anyone else hurt in the accident
Yo mama so ugly when she looked in the mirror her reflection walked away
Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, I need your weight not your phone number.’ 
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
Yo momma is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, We are family, even though you're fatter than me.’ 
Yo mamma is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, Sorry, no professionals.’ 
Yo momma's so fat and old when God said, Let there be light,’ he asked your mother to move out of the way.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
This is just a reminder; people love you more so give a smile and read these captions with a laugh.
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.
Yo momma is so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed -- on the microwave, and couldn't find the CALL’ button.
Yo momma is so fat that Dora can't even explore her! 
Your momma is so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.
Yo momma is so fat her bellybutton gets home  minutes before she does.
Yo momma's so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to  Cent.
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, I GOT THE POWER!’ 
Yo momma's so dumb, when y'all were driving to Disneyland, she saw a sign that said Disneyland left,’ so she went home.
Yo momma is so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mamma is so fat she doesn't need the internet, because she's already world wide.
Yo momma is so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl.
Yo Momma's so fat when I told her to touch her toes she said, What are those’? 
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad! 
Yo momma is so fat when she went to KFC the cashier asked, What size bucket?’ and yo momma said, The one on the roof.’ 
Yo momma is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Ugliness called, they wanna recruit you
My dog talks smarter than you
You would look better if you didn’t exist
All you do is, EAT.
Get yo filthy ass up.Wait, you cannot afford a crane.
Shout as loud as you can! WHO tf asked you to squeal?!
My neighbours called, they said they found someone uglier than you.Oh, it’s just you from another universe.
Looks don’t matter and so do you
Your existence is pain
My little finger lives a life more than you do
I would rather be blind than see you
This is just a reminder; people love you more so give a smile and read these captions with a laugh.
Your so weak that you can't rip a piece of paper
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back
I'm busy now.Can I ignore you some other time?
You have enough fat to make another human
I think you need a licence to be that ugly
You look spectacularly average today
Why would you wear that???
Your child will cry after seeing that face
One could argue, what is uglier, that face or that dress
What are you looking at???
Stop it or I will kill you with my looks.
Do you mind your own business or that nose just sticks out?
I am sure I would never make someone like that
Creator of this website: Bad luck, this face occupies a portion of the database
I can smell disgust from the screen.
Your smile is priceless, meaning anyone can buy it
Oh you’re talking to me, I thought you only talked behind my back.
I am sorry but we could save him
Do you think that smoking drugs is cool?
Do you think that doing alcohol is cool?
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitous.
There's such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown.
Oh God, my mind is going a mile an hour.
I am Beyoncé, always.
I love Burlington Coat Factory.
PowerPoint. PowerPoint.
I feel like all my kids grew up, and then they married each other, it's every parent's dream.
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!
Dwight, you ignorant sl*t.
That's what she said.
NO! GOD! NO GOD PLEASE NO! NO! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
STANLEY STANLEY YOU WILL NOT DIE STANLEY STANLEY BARACK IS PRESIDENT
I am downloading some n3p music.
WHERE ARE THE TURTLES?!
The worst thing about prison was the dementors.
Occasionally, I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me.
If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.
Just tell him to call me as asap as possible.
It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore.
Well, happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.
You know what's gonna be on your tombstone? "Loser."
I love inside jokes. Love to be a part of one someday.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
I like waking up to the smell of bacon.
I don't want to do anything. I'm dying.
I. Understand. Nothing.
I feel very blessed.
I am dead inside.
I'm running away from my responsibilities.
You are a thief of joy.
PARKOUR.
Okay, I am going to throw up.
I am a victim of a hate crime.
I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do.
I don't need fresh air. Because I have the freshest air around. A/C.
I'm optimistic, because every day I get a little more desperate.
Oh my God! Okay, it's happening!
Maybe there's some sort of animal we can make a sacrifice to.
I've made some empty promises in my life.
I hate looking at your face. I wanna smash it.
Only thing that could make this day better is ice cream.